[EuiIcon] Add branchUser, desktop and sessionViewer icons (#5740)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/5740.md

> - Added `branchUser` glyph to `EuiIcon`
> - Added `desktop` glyph to `EuiIcon`
> - Added `sessionViewer` glyph to `EuiIcon`

Reviewer: We can combine these into a single bullet
```suggestion
- Added `branchUser`, `desktop` and `sessionViewer` glyphs to `EuiIcon`
```
